# Reading 14

- What is OAuth? 
  - OAuth is a framework that allows users who do not own a database to use it through permissions

-Give an example of what using OAuth would look like. 
  - This would be like logging into a Grubhub account using your Google sign-in information

- How does OAuth work? What are the steps that it takes to authenticate the user? 
From https://www.csoonline.com/article/3216404/what-is-oauth-how-the-open-authorization-framework-works.html : 
 
 > 1) The first website connects to the second website on behalf of the user, using OAuth, providing the user’s verified identity.
 > 2) The second site generates a one-time token and a one-time secret unique to the transaction and parties involved.
 > 3) The first site gives this token and secret to the initiating user’s client software.
 > 4) The client’s software presents the request token and secret to their authorization provider (which may or may not be the second site).
 > 5) If not already authenticated to the authorization provider, the client may be asked to authenticate. After authentication, the client is asked to approve the authorization transaction to the second website.
 > 6) The user approves (or their software silently approves) a particular transaction type at the first website. The user is given an approved access token (notice it’s no longer a request token).
 > 7) The user gives the approved access token to the first website.
 > 8) The first website gives the access token to the second website as proof of authentication on behalf of the user. The second website lets the first website access their site on behalf of the user.
 > 9) The user sees a successfully completed transaction occurring.
 > 10) OAuth is not the first authentication/authorization system to work this way on behalf of the end-user. In fact, many authentication systems, notably Kerberos, work similarly. What is special about OAuth is its ability to work across the web and its wide adoption. It succeeded with adoption rates where previous attempts failed (for various reasons).

- What is OpenID? 
  - OpenID allows users to log into multiple services with the same ID

- What is the difference between authorization and authentication?
  - Authentication: are you who you say you are? Authorization: "let's check the guest list".

- What is Authorization Code Flow?
  - This is where Authorization is exchanged for a token.

- What is Authorization Code Flow with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE)? 
  - https://auth0.com/docs/authorization/flows/authorization-code-flow-with-proof-key-for-code-exchange-pkce
  > The PKCE-enhanced Authorization Code Flow introduces a secret created by the calling application that can be verified by the authorization server; this secret is called the Code Verifier

- What is Implicit Flow with Form Post? 
  - This uses an ID token to sign in users.

- What is Client Credentials Flow?
  - AuthO is set as the middle man between machines

- What is Device Authorization Flow? 
  - This will redirect users to another device to authorize access. 

- What is Resource Owner Password Flow? 
  - A user token is maintained on the server and used for only highly trusted applications
