# Reading 01

## Lifecycle of React Component Article
- Based off the diagram, what happens first, the ‘render’ or the ‘componentDidMount’?
  ___Judging from the chart, rendering is occuring first, followed by componentDidMount at the end of the mounting phase.___  
- What is the very first thing to happen in the lifecycle of React?
___The mounting phase is the very first step in the lifecycle of a React Component. This is when a component is created and added to the DOM___
- Put the following things in the order that they happen: componentDidMount, render, constructor, componentWillUnmount, React Updates
___constructor, render, componentDidMount, ReactUpdates, componentWillUnmount___
- What does componentDidMount do?
___componentDidMount is used for network requests and anytime a component is first inserted to the DOM. This is where you set up subscriptions/APIs___

## Props vs States Video
- What types of things can you pass in the props?
___Any type of data can be passed as a prop. The value of the props, however, can only be changed from the parent, not within the component itself or a child.___ 
- What is the big difference between props and state?
___As above, props receive their information from parents, whereas with state, the value is managed within itself.___
- When do we re-render our application?
___If a change occurs to either a prop or a state, the applicatoin will be rerendered to output the most current data.___
- What are some examples of things that we could store in state?
___I'm not positive about this one but I understand that data which will be altered over time should be used as 'state'. This allows the component to manipulate it___

## Things I Want to Know More About

___I need to see state in action. I have a bit of understanding with props from our class-01 Lab. Also, I would like to see how lifecycle would influence the manner in which we code___
