# Reading 11

|SQL | NOSQL|
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Static Schema | Dynamic Schema  |
| Verticallly Scalable  | Horizontally Scalable  |
| Complex Queries | Simple Queries |
| Excellent technical support | May rely on community support |
| ACID properties  | Brewers CAP  |

1. What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?
  - Tabular data is a good fit for SQL, since the data lives in a table that has fixed value columns and rows. 
2. Give a real world example.
  - MySql, Oracle, Sqlite, Postgres and MS-SQL
3. What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?
  - Documents that have a dynamic schema and are unstructured. 
4. Give a real world example.
  - MongoDB, BigTable, Redis, RavenDb, Cassandra, Hbase, Neo4j
5. Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?
  - Nosql
7. Which type of database is best for scalability?
  - SQL databases are best for scalability as they can leverage hardware and can manage complex queries. 


1. What does SQL stand for?
  - Structured query language
2. What is a realational database?
  - This would rely on something like a table that has a clear schema due to its fields.
3. What type of structure does a relational database work with?
  - A tabular structure
4. What is a ‘schema’?
  - A schema is a method or set of rules that organizes the data in a document.
5. What is a NoSQL database?
  - 
6. How does it work?
  - Uses collections of 'tables', but do not require them all to follow the same schema. There are no relations 
7. What is inside of a Mongo database?
  - Collections of documents and their properties. 
8. Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.
  -MongoDB would be more flexible due to the idea that it can handle a very large amount of data and does not rely on following a schema ruleset.
9. What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?
  - You may find duplicate data throughout your database. 
